For my future, I mainly want to do drylab work, I don't mind drylab work in a wetlab, but not just serving wetlab, if it is serving human health or plant breeding wetlab, I can accept to serve wetlab completely. In fact, just like my resume, my first career originates from bayer, which has pesticide business and prescription drug business. Therefore, my personal development direction is clear, and I have been working hard for this direction. Make human life better   
My undergraduate major is horticulture, which has a lot of breeding direction. During my undergraduate period, I had interest in computers and thought that computer-led horticultural problems would be very interesting, so I began some research and exploration on the image classification of horticultural crops, and wrote my graduation thesis on this topic. Later, when I was looking for a job, I came to work at bayer to really understand what farming was like. After half a year's work, including internship, I already know what the countryside is like. For various reasons, I left bayer, and then I started my research career.  
The first research job is directly related to my undergraduate study, and it is also the direction I want to do, using bioinformatics to carry out plant breeding. Due to the reasons I mentioned in another document before, I left.  
Later, I came to Hong Kong. If I follow my ideas before I actually started my work, the theory of evolution is very useful. It can solve many interesting problems, and it can also have a good understanding of the current earth environment, so that human beings can know where they come from and where to go. I originally wanted to seriously study the theory of evolution and improve my bioinformatics level at the same time, so that after five years, I could engage in some work related to human health. In my opinion, one is plant breeding, people eating better, and the other is medical, people getting longer. So, during this time, my job search has covered public health, medicine, evolution,plant, etc., which I think are in line with my development direction. The most important thing is to make human life better.  
